Kubeconfig service (#1420)
kyma-incubator/compass: components/kubeconfig-service/README.md

> # (OIDC) Kubeconfig Service

Reviewer: In kyma we have an "older brother" of this app, which is `iam-kubeconfig-service`, I am still unsure if we need to make the naming more specific to differentiate them

## Overview
The Kubeconfig Service is a single purpose [REST](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer) based API. It is designed to retrieve a kubeconfig file from an SKR cluster, and change the default authentication mechanism (token), to [kube-login](https://github.com/int128/kubelogin)

## Configuration

> The application uses the following Environmental Variables for configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The application uses the following environment variables for configuration:
```

| Parameter | Required | Description | Default value |
| :---: | :--- | :--- | :---: | 
| **PORT_SERVICE** | No | Port used by the application. | `8000` |
| **PORT_HEALTH** | No | Port used by the application for health check. | `9000` |
| **GRAPHQL_URL** | Yes | Full URL of the chosen [GraphQL](https://graphql.org/learn/) service. | `http://127.0.0.1:3000/graphql` |

> | **OIDC_KUBECONFIG_ISSUER_URL** | Yes | Full URL of the chosen OIDC Issuer instance used for the Kubeconfig generation. | None |
> | **OIDC_KUBECONFIG_CLIENT_ID** | Yes | ClientID for the chosen OIDC Issuer used for the Kubeconfig generation. | None |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **OIDC_KUBECONFIG_ISSUER_URL** | Yes | Full URL of the chosen OIDC Issuer instance used for the `kubeconfig` generation. | None |
| **OIDC_KUBECONFIG_CLIENT_ID** | Yes | ClientID for the chosen OIDC Issuer used for the `kubeconfig` generation. | None |
```

> | **OIDC_KUBECONFIG_CLIENT_SECRET** | Yes | Client secret for the chosen OIDC Issuer used for the Kubeconfig generation. | None |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **OIDC_KUBECONFIG_CLIENT_SECRET** | Yes | Client Secret for the chosen OIDC Issuer used for the `kubeconfig` generation. | None |
```

| **OIDC_ISSUER_URL** | Yes | Full URL of the chosen OIDC Issuer instance. | None |
| **OIDC_CLIENT_ID** | Yes | ClientID for the chosen OIDC Issuer. | `""` |
| **OIDC_CA** | No | CA certificate file path. | None |

> | **OIDC_CLAIM_USERNAME** | No | Identifier of the user in JWT claim. | `email` |

Reviewer 2: Is the default value literally `email`? Or is it the user's email address? 
If it's the latter, please remove the backticks (`` ` ``).

And the same question for groups in line 21 (which in the latter case I'd change to `group name(s)` if it makes sense).

Reviewer: No, that is the name of the field (the options are like "email, username, first_name" etc.

> | **OIDC_CLAIM_USERNAME** | No | Identifier of the user in JWT claim. | `email` |
> | **OIDC_CLAIM_GROUPS** | No | Identifier of groups in JWT claim. | `groups` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **OIDC_CLAIM_USERNAME** | No | Identifier of the user in JWT claims. | `email` |
| **OIDC_CLAIM_GROUPS** | No | Identifier of groups in JWT claims. | `groups` |
```

This suggestions works if there are more claims and all have the same user/group. 
If there is only one, universal claim, please make it `JWT claim` instead.
If there are more JWT claims and each one has a different user/group (which I suspect is not the case here), please make it `a given JWT claim`.

> | **OIDC_USERNAME_PREFIX** | No | If provided, all users will be prefixed with this value to prevent conflicts with other authentication strategies. | None |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **OIDC_USERNAME_PREFIX** | No | If provided, all users are prefixed with this value to prevent conflicts with other authentication strategies. | None |
```

> | **OIDC_GROUPS_PREFIX** | No | If provided, all groups will be prefixed with this value to prevent conflicts with other authentication strategies. | None |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **OIDC_GROUPS_PREFIX** | No | If provided, all groups are prefixed with this value to prevent conflicts with other authentication strategies. | None |
```

| **OIDC_SUPPORTED_SIGNING_ALGS** | No | List of supported signing algorithms. | `RS256` |

> ## How to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Usage
```

> ### Building a local image

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Build a local image
```

> Use the provided makefile: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To build a local image, use the provided makefile: 
```

```bash
make build-image
```

### Run locally

> Set your required parameters and run the binary, or use a docker image:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set the required parameters and run the binary, or use a Docker image:
```
If you need to set the required parameters to use the Docker image too, please remove the comma.

```bash
#Go run
OIDC_KUBECONFIG_ISSUER_URL=https://foo OIDC_KUBECONFIG_CLIENT_ID=foobar OIDC_KUBECONFIG_CLIENT_SECRET=1234 OIDC_ISSUER_URL=https://dex.kyma.local OIDC_CLIENT_ID=compass-ui OIDC_CA=~/.minikube/ca.crt go run cmd/generator/main.go

> #Docker run

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

#Docker run
```

# (OIDC) Kubeconfig Service

## Overview

> The Kubeconfig Service is a single purpose [REST](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer)-based API. It is designed to retrieve a `kubeconfig` file from an SKR cluster and change the default authentication mechanism (token) to [kubelogin](https://github.com/int128/kubelogin).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The OIDC Kubeconfig Service is a single purpose [REST](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer)-based API. It is designed to retrieve a `kubeconfig` file from an SKR cluster and change the default authentication mechanism (token) to [kubelogin](https://github.com/int128/kubelogin).
```

| **OIDC_KUBECONFIG_ISSUER_URL** | Yes | Full URL of the chosen OIDC Issuer instance used for the `kubeconfig` generation. | None |
| **OIDC_KUBECONFIG_CLIENT_ID** | Yes | ClientID for the chosen OIDC Issuer used for the `kubeconfig` generation. | None |
| **OIDC_KUBECONFIG_CLIENT_SECRET** | Yes | Client Secret for the chosen OIDC Issuer used for the `kubeconfig` generation. | None |
| **OIDC_ISSUER_URL** | Yes | Full URL of the chosen OIDC Issuer instance. | None |
| **OIDC_CLIENT_ID** | Yes | ClientID for the chosen OIDC Issuer. | `""` |
| **OIDC_CA** | No | CA certificate file path. | None |
| **OIDC_CLAIM_USERNAME** | No | Identifier of the user in JWT claims. | `email` |
| **OIDC_CLAIM_GROUPS** | No | Identifier of groups in JWT claims. | `groups` |
| **OIDC_USERNAME_PREFIX** | No | If provided, all users are prefixed with this value to prevent conflicts with other authentication strategies. | None |
| **OIDC_GROUPS_PREFIX** | No | If provided, all groups are prefixed with this value to prevent conflicts with other authentication strategies. | None |
| **OIDC_SUPPORTED_SIGNING_ALGS** | No | List of supported signing algorithms. | `RS256` |

> 

Reviewer 2: Should we add any prerequisites here? 

```suggestion

## Prerequisites

To run locally, the OIDC Kubeconfig Service requires the following tools: 

- [Go](https://golang.org/dl/) (version specified in the [`go.mod`](go.mod) file)
- [Make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

```

## Usage

### Build a local image

To build a local image, use the provided makefile: 

```bash
make build-image
```

### Run locally

> Set the required parameters and run the binary, or use a Docker image:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set the required parameters and run the binary or use a Docker image:
```

> ### Build a local image
> 
> To build a local image, use the provided makefile: 
> 
> ```bash
> make build-image
> ```
> 
> ### Run locally
> 
> Set the required parameters and run the binary, or use a Docker image:
> 
> ```bash
> #Go run
> OIDC_KUBECONFIG_ISSUER_URL=https://foo OIDC_KUBECONFIG_CLIENT_ID=foobar OIDC_KUBECONFIG_CLIENT_SECRET=1234 OIDC_ISSUER_URL=https://dex.kyma.local OIDC_CLIENT_ID=compass-ui OIDC_CA=~/.minikube/ca.crt go run cmd/generator/main.go
> 
> #Docker run
> docker run --rm -e OIDC_KUBECONFIG_ISSUER_URL=https://foo -e OIDC_KUBECONFIG_CLIENT_ID=foobar -e OIDC_KUBECONFIG_CLIENT_SECRET=1234 -e OIDC_ISSUER_URL=https://dex.kyma.local -e OIDC_CLIENT_ID=compass-ui -e OIDC_CA=~/.minikube/ca.crt kubeconfig-service
> ```

Reviewer 2: ``````suggestion
You can run the OIDC Kubeconfig Service locally using either a Docker image or the binary.

### Run locally using a Docker image

Use the provided makefile to build a local image: 

```bash
make build-image
```
Set the required parameters and run the Docker image:

```bash
docker run --rm -e OIDC_KUBECONFIG_ISSUER_URL=https://foo -e OIDC_KUBECONFIG_CLIENT_ID=foobar -e OIDC_KUBECONFIG_CLIENT_SECRET=1234 -e OIDC_ISSUER_URL=https://dex.kyma.local -e OIDC_CLIENT_ID=compass-ui -e OIDC_CA=~/.minikube/ca.crt kubeconfig-service
```

### Run locally using the binary

Set the required parameters and run the binary:

```bash
OIDC_KUBECONFIG_ISSUER_URL=https://foo OIDC_KUBECONFIG_CLIENT_ID=foobar OIDC_KUBECONFIG_CLIENT_SECRET=1234 OIDC_ISSUER_URL=https://dex.kyma.local OIDC_CLIENT_ID=compass-ui OIDC_CA=~/.minikube/ca.crt go run cmd/generator/main.go
```
``````
